Who are you?
Why come to my house?
That woman owes us money
Do you think you don't have to pay back if you hide here?
I tell you
Today is his king
I have to pay back when I come
It's okay to be poor
How dare you bring foreign debt into your home?
I don't have any marriage money, how dare you quibble?
Why are you not a thing?
Dare to borrow usury
Tomorrow you dare to kill and set fire to
What did Zhao Kaiguo say?
Lord Dog, calm down
This matter is related to our neighbors
It doesn't matter.
How dare you hide in our house and be an old man
Why don't you get out of here?
It's not my ninth master, you go to wash the dishes if you have no money
Borrow from what usury?
We've known each other for three years
How could you think
Am I the kind of person who doesn't pay back what I owe?
Okay, okay.
What kind of play is the family playing here?
It's all family
Do you remember this money?
Don't get me wrong.
We have nothing to do with this woman
You mustn't trot
Did I fucking let you sweep it?
Ah, sit down.
What is a dream loan shark?